Reword the watcher 'always' and 'never' condition docs (#86105)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/watcher/condition/never.asciidoc

<titleabbrev>Never condition</titleabbrev>
++++

> Use the `never` condition so that watch actions will never be executed
> when the watch is triggered. The watch input is executed, a record is
> added to the watch history, and the watch execution ends. This
> condition is generally used for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `never` condition to skip performing the watch actions whenever the watch is triggered. The watch input is processed, a record is
added to the watch history, and watch execution ends. 
This condition is generally used for testing.
```
